com/example/travel4/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.example.travel4.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/example/travel4/dialog/AddUrl.java
 com.example.travel4.dialog.AddUrl
 com.example.travel4.dialog.AddUrl$1
 com.example.travel4.dialog.AddUrl$2
 com.example.travel4.dialog.AddUrl$TripDialogListener
com/example/travel4/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.example.travel4.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/example/travel4/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.travel4.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.example.travel4.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
com/example/travel4/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.travel4.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/travel4/model/TripDataBase.java
 com.example.travel4.model.TripDataBase
com/example/travel4/databinding/DialogBinding.java
 com.example.travel4.databinding.DialogBinding
com/example/travel4/databinding/ActivityNewTripBinding.java
 com.example.travel4.databinding.ActivityNewTripBinding
com/example/travel4/model/Trip.java
 com.example.travel4.model.Trip
com/example/travel4/adapter/TripAdapter.java
 com.example.travel4.adapter.TripAdapter
com/example/travel4/MainActivity.java
 com.example.travel4.MainActivity
 com.example.travel4.MainActivity$1
com/example/travel4/AddTripActivity.java
 com.example.travel4.AddTripActivity
 com.example.travel4.AddTripActivity$1
 com.example.travel4.AddTripActivity$2
 com.example.travel4.AddTripActivity$3
 com.example.travel4.AddTripActivity$4
 com.example.travel4.AddTripActivity$5
com/example/travel4/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.travel4.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/travel4/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.travel4.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 com.example.travel4.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
com/example/travel4/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.example.travel4.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/example/travel4/databinding/TripItemsBinding.java
 com.example.travel4.databinding.TripItemsBinding
com/example/travel4/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.travel4.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/travel4/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.travel4.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/travel4/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.example.travel4.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/example/travel4/model/TripDao.java
 com.example.travel4.model.TripDao
com/example/travel4/adapter/TripViewHolder.java
 com.example.travel4.adapter.TripViewHolder
com/example/travel4/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.travel4.BuildConfig
com/example/travel4/ViewTripActivity.java
 com.example.travel4.ViewTripActivity
com/example/travel4/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.example.travel4.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/example/travel4/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.travel4.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.travel4.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/travel4/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.example.travel4.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
